Hello, hello, hello everyone.
Welcome, welcome, welcome here. I'm glad
to see you. My name is Matteo Lombardi, for
those who don't know me. I've been running this agency, Stratega,
for six years, and then I became a founder
within this to explore. I generated
quite a few opportunities. But coming from
a marketing perspective, I applied
some growth marketing processes
to sales lead generation, specifically
for B2B tech businesses and startups. So that
is basically what we're going to see.
And we're going to see this because
outreach is overwhelming, confusing, high pressure when you're
starting, and you don't know where you're going.
There are a lot of tools, a lot of things, and you're doing
a lot of stuff, and it's all messy. So we'll
fix that. Or when you're starting and you
need a little bit of scaling, you need to understand which direction
to scale, right? We will cover that as well. So for you
that are a little bit more advanced, and same for
environments where we're already at the C
stage or a little bit above. So you
need to implement and over-perform,
or find a way to generate more.
So we'll cover all these aspects because everything that
you will find here is a framework, meaning that you can
apply this framework forever and ever, as long
as you refresh it, as long as you test it, as
we will see. And yeah, you can basically
use this in each and every stage of your startup
or your business. To start with a lead generation
system, because we will cover quite a few things
and it will be in videos of less than 10 minutes.
A lot of them are really short. So we are
condensing, we are doing this together,
so meaning that I will give you homeworks,
I will expect deliverables. This includes all the frameworks.
So we will be filling everything together. I'll present you the
framework, we will see with an example at
the beginning, an easy one, and at the end,
a really tough one. The topics that we'll be covering:
offering. So we'll start with building
an offering or how to tweak an offering to make
it more appealing. We'll see the ICP in a lot
of detail. We'll see what we do from the
content perspective in terms of assets. Not only
copywriting for campaigns, but also how we
need to set up a landing page or what kind
of content the ICP from the buying committee
needs to have before they make a decision.
Also, we'll talk briefly about tools, so how to implement
this whole thing for your business. And from
the operational standpoint, how to keep it clean
and how to have some sort of ops system that
we update every two to three weeks with some sort
of analysis. And we figure out what is going well and what
is not going well. We change things and
we see what works best. This is for
a little bit of everyone: from sales leaders
that would like to work on optimization again,
so it's for founders, and founders like myself. So I would
appreciate this. And from the marketing standpoint, I know marketers
need to do quite a lot of sales stuff, and they also need
to build quite a lot of content. I believe this could be useful for
them as well, in terms of aligning with a good market strategy
also because they can effectively go
and implement these tools. The sales
experts need to help, especially for content management
or automations. Now, importantly,
we're going to fail a lot. I mean, I have really
good KPIs, but this is because I can
try to put failure in a grid. So we'll
see how to fail. And we know that we're
going to start this way, we will not get an answer.
The thing is how we puzzle up everything
the right way so we can make learning effective. So next
time we go, we hit, and we hit it out. So
it might take a week, it might take two to three months, it might
take six months. It depends how big the account is. So we'll
deep dive also into that. And yeah, we'll
make it effective so we can scale our campaigns
because we want to have some sort of prediction
on what's going to happen. But also, we need to scale it, but
we need to scale in a certain way because, of course,
you will need to be hands-on with some aspects
of this thing. And this effort will ultimately
save a lot of time in the future because, once you find
out what actually works, you have a good
market structure that is, yeah, you
can automate it or implement further
automation to make the job really easy
for you. So that's it. I hope you're ready
for this. It's going to be quite a lot of things because
again, I'm giving you all the frameworks that I used to generate these
results. So I'll see you next time.
Looking forward to beginning. [BEEPING]